right back gasps your name of this shit
right here let's call rolls in the car
creep do the math cracks in the concrete
crazy how long
rose from the bottom when niggas start
I'll never make it guess they show
hating a note that I graduated graduated
from the boat now I'm on something
different even though from the outside
you won't see the difference just a walk
with confidence is a major
accomplishment cuz I never had a life
full of positive compliments hey the
girls I chose to be different in the
crowd of Mike's most were followers but
I stayed away from the light or anyone
trying to eat up my established career
but when I first told him they acted
like they didn't hear nah morning taking
my niggas and bags of luggage even at
round tables when we got heated
discussion on who's doing what and how
we gonna make this linguine and who was
not in the killing from shots of a semi
they were singing hard the beginning we
finally made it once was at the bottom
but we finally made it was at the bottom
but I rose from the concrete few years
ago she's a rose in the concrete may be
slipping through the cracks in the
concrete crazy how that rose broke but I
concreted was at the bottom but I rose
from the concrete few years ago is just
a rose in the gun greedy made it
slipping through the cracks in the
concrete crazy how I rose from the
concrete started out with nothing but
made something from the scraps stressed
out cuz I got the weight of the world on
my back had so many dreams and promises
that I couldn't keep til people like a
reach pinnacles they couldn't reach
didn't believe now they all got
mouthfuls of regret so surprised that I
made it with a handful of checks Nikes
on my feet I'm fresher than I ever been
in the mall spending my money than i
ever spent and just the Sun show off
without melodramatic cuz when you're
doing
the niggas wanna grab it riding down the
empty street looking in my review still
paranoid plus I don't know where I'm
headed to they say life's a bitch and
death be coming in the threes that's why
I'm scared to give up sitting the
passenger seat niggas are there trying
to park and big me from the passage of
till ganna mysterious real watching for
the Dillinger's was at the bottom but I
rose from the concrete few years ago
she's a rose in the concrete maybe it's
the bentota cracks in the concrete crazy
how that rose broke bread corn gravy was
at the bottom but I rose from the
concrete few years ago is just arose in
the concrete made it slipping through
cracks in the concrete crazy our rose
from the concrete made it when niggas
was simply boast about that cause
probably right a dog opportunity never
say the jaw for them cuz they never said
shit in the roms worth missing to the
shit even if I was on the line feeling
how's life and all of its fun of things
no more heading to the diner just a
feast on rings now we're doing bigger
things no one run is expected not a
hating but I like shit been expected
searching for life answers without much
of a reason cuz the truth be hard to
explain like mythical demons hate is
still wondering how I made it through
the concrete cuz a few months ago arms
of rows in the concrete cuz I made it in
the concrete just a few months ago I was
the rose